Fix Transfer amount for 1 token in token-2022.md (#7271)
solana-labs/solana-program-library: docs/src/token-2022.md

### Instructions

Token-2022 supports the exact same instruction layouts as Token, byte for

> byte. For example, if you want to transfer 1 tokens on a mint with 2 decimals,
> you create a `TransferChecked` instruction, with this byte-represented data:

Reviewer: I see what you mean here... since this can still be ambiguous, how about full clarity and changing the number?
```suggestion
byte. For example, if you want to transfer 0.75 tokens in UI amount, on a mint with 2 decimals,
then the transfer amount is 75 tokens. You create a `TransferChecked` instruction, with
this byte-represented data:
```
